# Meeting Notes

- Discussing meeting points. Would rather work physically than virtually. Probably Green Living Inn's working halls are the best option.
- Discussed Photon and its feasability. Probably a good tutorial: ([[https://www.raywenderlich.com/1142814-introduction-to-multiplayer-games-with-unity-and-photon]()
- How can the message transfer between Player-Supervisor work? Possible parameters:

  - Type of cue (e.g. TextBox, Poll,  Image/Video, )
  - Custom parameters depending on the type of cue (e.g. if it is a text => size, font, color etc.)
  - Position of cue in Vector3
  - When and how long should the message be displayed?

    - Duration: Optional
    - If it is a cue which is interactable by the user, wait for user to close it
- Ask next meeting how and when should we specify the 'division of labor'.
- For instance if the cue is a textbox, how should the interface look like? Maybe a color palette for color selection (such as: [https://assetstore.unity.com/packages/tools/utilities/color-palette-32189]())

# TO-DO

* [ ] Research different papers and find out cue types. Append the papers you find relevant to ***sources.md***
* [ ] Think about different cue types and append to ***cues.md***
* [ ] (For Rahul) Research Photon Video Streaming

# Questions for Next Meeting

- Sooraj needs to send us the following, remind if he did not:
  - A Demo Scene from ViaVR
  - Photon Arcihtecture
  - Git Repo (whether it should be created like Martin did last time)
  - Any relevant references
- Possibly we will need to use many Utility Assets like Color Palette (which would potentially be non-free). Do we get a budget for those?
